README.md, before:

## gauth is a two-factor authentication agent.

### Usage:

	gauth -add [-hotp] name
	gauth -list
	gauth name

To add a new key to keychain use "gauth -add name", where name is a given name.
It'll prompt a 2fa key from stdin
2fa keys are case-insensitive strings [A-Za-z2-7].

Default generation algorithm is time based auth codes
(TOTP - the same as Google Authenticator)

There is also *EXPERIMENTAL* support of counter based auth codes (HOTP).

To list all names in the keychain use `gauth -list`

To print certain 2fa auth code use `gauth name`

If no arguments are provided, gauth prints all 2fa TOTP auth codes.

**IMPORTANT NOTE:**

TOTP auth codes are derived from key hash and current time.
Please ensure that system clock are adjusted via NTP.
Acceptable fault threshold is about ~1 min.

The keychain itself is stored UNENCRYPTED in `$HOME/.gauth`.
Take measures to encrypt your partitions (haven't you done this yet?)

### Example

While Google 2fa setup select "enter this text code instead" bypassing QR code scanning. You will get your 2fa secret - short string.

Add it to 2fa under the name google, typing the secret at the prompt:

	$ gauth -add google
	gauth key for google: <secret>
	$

Whenever Google prompts for a 2fa code, run gauth to obtain one:

	$ gauth google
	438163

### Greetings
 - Golang team
 - Russ C.

### Contributing
All PR and Issues are welcome

### License
(C) MIT License

Commit message:

README +installation
Installation instructions added

README.md, after:

## gauth is a two-factor authentication agent.

### Installation:

0. Grab `gauth` from Release page and place it in your `$PATH`

1. Please ensure that you set `$GOPATH` and have `$GOPATH/bin` in your `$PATH`.

	`go get -u github.com/moldabekov/gauth`
	
### Usage:

	gauth -add [-hotp] name
	gauth -list
	gauth name

To add a new key to keychain use "gauth -add name", where name is a given name.
It'll prompt a 2fa key from stdin
2fa keys are case-insensitive strings [A-Za-z2-7].

Default generation algorithm is time based auth codes
(TOTP - the same as Google Authenticator)

There is also *EXPERIMENTAL* support of counter based auth codes (HOTP).

To list all names in the keychain use `gauth -list`

To print certain 2fa auth code use `gauth name`

If no arguments are provided, gauth prints all 2fa TOTP auth codes.

**IMPORTANT NOTE:**

TOTP auth codes are derived from key hash and current time.
Please ensure that system clock are adjusted via NTP.
Acceptable fault threshold is about ~1 min.

The keychain itself is stored UNENCRYPTED in `$HOME/.gauth`.
Take measures to encrypt your partitions (haven't you done this yet?)

### Example

While Google 2fa setup select "enter this text code instead" bypassing QR code scanning. You will get your 2fa secret - short string.

Add it to 2fa under the name google, typing the secret at the prompt:

	$ gauth -add google
	gauth key for google: <secret>
	$

Whenever Google prompts for a 2fa code, run gauth to obtain one:

	$ gauth google
	438163

### Greetings
 - Golang team
 - Russ C.

### Contributing
All PR and Issues are welcome

### License
(C) MIT License
